Update CodeCommit / GitHub down playbooks. (#4145)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/github-unavailable.html.md

1. Follow the [CodeCommit guide](/manual/howto-checkout-and-commit-to-codecommit.html#quick-reference-guide) to clone the repo and commit/push changes if needed.
1. Set the image tag, image registry and image repository names that you will use by running the following commands. You don't need to modify any of the values in the commands.

```
LOCAL_HEAD_SHA=$(git rev-parse HEAD)
IMAGE_TAG="release-${LOCAL_HEAD_SHA}"
REGISTRY="172025368201.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com"
REPO=$(basename "$PWD")
```

1. Build the container image and tag it appropriately.

```
docker build --platform linux/amd64 -t $IMAGE_TAG .
```

1. Log into ECR and push the image:

```
gds aws govuk-production-poweruser aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-west-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin $REGISTRY
docker push $REGISTRY/$REPO:$IMAGE_TAG
```

### Deploy the image to Kubernetes using Argo CD

> ⚠️ This procedure will disable all automatic deployments not only in the
> environment you are working on but also in higher environments. For example,
> performing this procedure on integration will prevent all automatic

> > deployments in integration, staging and production.

Reviewer: Nitpick: this can all be on one line (i.e. no hard line-breaks), for consistency with the rest of the document.

Author: ok, the rest of the doc already isn't consistent though.

Author: Actually on second thoughts, nobody should have to spend time on this. I'll reformat the repo and add an mdlint check so that nobody else has to waste time on this in future 👍

1. Fetch the password for the Argo CD `admin` user. This varies by environment.

    ```sh
    kubectl -n cluster-services get secret argocd-initial-admin-secret -oyaml |yq .data.password |base64 -d
    ```

1. Log into Argo CD (for example in [integration](https://argo.eks.integration.govuk.digital/)).

> 1. Open the `app-config` application.
> 1. Select the `App Details` button near the top of the page.
> 1. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and press `Disable auto-sync`. Argo will prompt you before actually disabling auto-sync.
> 1. Go back to the main `Applications` page (the first page you see when you log into Argo CD).
> 1. Go into the details page for the application you wish to deploy, either by selecting its card from the main page or using the `Search applications...` box and selecting it from the drop-down list.
> 1. Select the `App details` button near the top of the page.
> 1. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and press `Disable auto-sync`. Argo will prompt you before actually disabling auto-sync.

Reviewer: This took me a re-read or two. I think it can be shortened and some of the steps re-used:

```suggestion
1. Disable the auto-sync for the `app-config` application by:
  1. Clicking the `Applications` link on the sidebar. then opening the `app-config` application (you can use the search bar at the top of the page if you can't see it)
  1. Select the `App Details` button near the top of the page.
  1. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and press `Disable auto-sync`. Argo will prompt you before actually disabling auto-sync.
1. Repeat the steps above for the application you wish to deploy (e.g. swap `app-config` for `collections-publisher` in the steps above).
```

Author: Good idea — I usually try to avoid loops in playbooks but I think this is a good exception. Makes the intent a bit clearer in this case I think. Thanks 👍
